contentFetcher.ts:11 Fetching from Twitter with options: {}
contentFetcher.ts:11 Fetching from Twitter with options: {}
contentFetcher.ts:43 Fetching from news with options: {}
contentFetcher.ts:43 Fetching from news with options: {}
App.tsx:60 Loaded 23 content items
App.tsx:60 Loaded 23 content items
automatedCollection.ts:61 Running automated collection for 2025-03-18
automatedCollection.ts:61 Running automated collection for 2025-03-18
automatedCollection.ts:82 Collected 20 news items
automatedCollection.ts:82 Collected 20 news items
automatedCollection.ts:86 Collected 2 academic items
automatedCollection.ts:61 Running automated collection for 2025-03-19
automatedCollection.ts:86 Collected 2 academic items
automatedCollection.ts:61 Running automated collection for 2025-03-19
automatedCollection.ts:82 Collected 20 news items
automatedCollection.ts:82 Collected 20 news items
automatedCollection.ts:86 Collected 2 academic items
automatedCollection.ts:61 Running automated collection for 2025-03-20
automatedCollection.ts:86 Collected 2 academic items
automatedCollection.ts:61 Running automated collection for 2025-03-20
automatedCollection.ts:82 Collected 20 news items
automatedCollection.ts:86 Collected 2 academic items
automatedCollection.ts:61 Running automated collection for 2025-03-21
automatedCollection.ts:82 Collected 20 news items
automatedCollection.ts:86 Collected 2 academic items
automatedCollection.ts:61 Running automated collection for 2025-03-21
automatedCollection.ts:82 Collected 20 news items
automatedCollection.ts:82 Collected 20 news items
automatedCollection.ts:86 Collected 2 academic items
automatedCollection.ts:61 Running automated collection for 2025-03-22
automatedCollection.ts:86 Collected 2 academic items
automatedCollection.ts:61 Running automated collection for 2025-03-22
automatedCollection.ts:82 Collected 20 news items
automatedCollection.ts:82 Collected 20 news items
automatedCollection.ts:86 Collected 2 academic items
automatedCollection.ts:61 Running automated collection for 2025-03-23
automatedCollection.ts:86 Collected 2 academic items
automatedCollection.ts:61 Running automated collection for 2025-03-23
automatedCollection.ts:82 Collected 20 news items
automatedCollection.ts:82 Collected 20 news items
automatedCollection.ts:86 Collected 2 academic items
automatedCollection.ts:61 Running automated collection for 2025-03-24
automatedCollection.ts:86 Collected 2 academic items
automatedCollection.ts:61 Running automated collection for 2025-03-24
automatedCollection.ts:82 Collected 19 news items
automatedCollection.ts:86 Collected 2 academic items
automatedCollection.ts:61 Running automated collection for 2025-03-25
automatedCollection.ts:82 Collected 19 news items
automatedCollection.ts:86 Collected 2 academic items
automatedCollection.ts:61 Running automated collection for 2025-03-25
automatedCollection.ts:82 Collected 19 news items
automatedCollection.ts:82 Collected 19 news items
automatedCollection.ts:86 Collected 2 academic items
automatedCollection.ts:86 Collected 2 academic items
